Hello everyone, today we have a very special 90-minute world premiere of Football Manager 26, an exclusive first look at the game in full. I'll be joined by studio director Miles Jacobson and West Ham and England star Jarrod Bowen as we dive into everything FM 26 has to offer. Football Manager 26 is the start of a new era for the franchise. It's the first made with the Unity engine and it lays new foundations for the future of football management. As you'll have seen from the studio's feature rollout across social media, FM 26 is packed with new additions that revolutionize the managerial experience, immersing you deeper in the action with more control than ever before. Your life in the dugout begins way before the first whistle as we'll be exclusively revealing the new game experience startup flow and overhauled manager creator that allows you to express more of yourself, your personality, your style, and backstory to help better define every new career. We'll then have some expert insight into building your game world, the addition of women's football, and the game-changing new user interface. Of course, we'll be diving into what the community are describing as the biggest tactical upgrade in series history through in and out of possession tactics. We'll be diving deeper into tactics, showcasing the power that that feature delivers, and how your approach comes to life in the richest ever matchday experience. Thanks to new player animations from real-life matches and vastly improved graphical fidelity, FM has never felt more like the real thing. We'll discover more new additions along the way as manager of a newly licensed Premier League club. So, join me in the dugout as we showcase how FM 26 is changing the game. Okay, guys, I'm delighted to be joined by the main man, Miles is here. Miles, thank you very much for having me in. &gt;&gt; No problem. Thanks for being here. This is exciting. This is exciting, my friend, because this is first look, really, isn't it, at the first point of the game. We've loaded up, we're getting ready before we actually go ahead and start a career, there's a few things to talk about straight away. Well, there's no manager picture at the moment, so you set that up in a minute. &gt;&gt; We're going to work on that, aren't we? &gt;&gt; Yeah. But we obviously it's important to point out online mode is there. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Uh we can load up previous saves as well. From FM 23 and FM 24. So, the dev team actually worked because the engine is different, it doesn't work the same way that it worked before. We've actually had to write a little converter Wow. &gt;&gt; in there. So, um so we managed to do that for 23 and 24, works seamlessly. Yeah, but I'm very pleasantly surprised to see that, actually, cuz I I I anticipated we wouldn't be able to do it. So, I'm buzzing with that. Um and obviously start new career. Yeah. We're going to get into it, aren't we? We are. Should we click it? &gt;&gt; I'm I'm kind of nervous, I'll be honest. Uh you're excited, I'm nervous, but let's let's &gt;&gt; Let's do it. See what happens. So, we're going in. Yep. And we're going to do quick start career. So, we've got two different uh two different ways to start. It's quick start if you just want to get in there really quickly, then you've got the advanced if you want me to a little bit more, but let's do quick start for today. &gt;&gt; So, straight away we can see obviously these leagues, licensed leagues. We've got the women's leagues in there. So, we've got 14 women's leagues from 11 countries. There's a couple of new men's leagues as well in there. But um but yeah, we're highlighting here England, as you can see, Premier League license for the first time, WSL license for the first time as well, which all ties in nicely with um with the FIFA license that we've just announced as well. So, um so we've been going for it in quite a big way on the licensing side of things this year. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's amazing. I mean, someone who's so into women's football as well as men's football, of course, this is it's such a great I mean, it's been a long time coming, but you guys have done a great job at incorporating it in there and it is so seamlessly integrated as well within the the sort of main mechanics of the game. &gt;&gt; So, we're giving people choice. That's what we always like to do at Sports Interactive. So, if you just want to play a men's game, play a men's game. You just want to play a women's game, play a women's game, or have both of them active at the same time and move between them. Yeah, love it. I love it. Well, for today's purposes, we're going to go with, quite happily for me, West Ham cuz we've obviously got the main man from West Ham joining us later, Jarrod. So, let's jump in and go with West Ham as our club. So, straight away we're getting met with some some game world details and I'm going to go ahead and click understand on that. And yeah, we see the setup, we obviously know what leagues are registered. I mean, again, different look, but a lot of the same things we're used to in terms of game setup here. Yep. Um and you still have lots if you click on transfer mode, for example, you still have those different options and with preferences as well. There's lots of things that you'll be used to from the Football Manager um games of old, even though this is a new game. So, let's go to manager profile cuz I know there's been a lot of changes to this. &gt;&gt; I mean, it's it's huge. Um so, this is one of the benefits of being on Unity is the graphical quality. It's not just a jump, it's a leap, really, with what we can do. So, here's where you can set up your manager. We've got lots of choice there of male and female managers of different ethnicities. Um and there's loads of outfits, which you'll see in a second. So, if you choose one of the presets &gt;&gt; Yeah, so let's go with &gt;&gt; I'm going to look at this little this little number here. Oh my gosh, what a coat that is. Right, okay. Um &gt;&gt; So, we go up here, right? &gt;&gt; then click to body, yeah, so you can set your body type here. Some people are surprised that I'm actually 6 ft. &gt;&gt; I think I sit down a lot smaller. I am, okay. On on a good day. &gt;&gt; I'm definitely not 6 ft, so. &gt;&gt; So, I think that's that's good for now. Let's go to head. Okay. So, that's a face shape. Okay, well, which is me here? I don't know. If you're trying to make him look like you obviously don't have to make him look like yourself. You can have some fun with it. &gt;&gt; You don't have to. You can have some fun. Got a bit of facial. I've got I'm rocking a tache at the minute, so let's let's go to that. There we go. Eye color. Technically, uh I get confused about my own eyes, to be honest, but some would say blue, to be honest. Go for it. &gt;&gt; What are you saying my eyes are? Uh bluey-green. So, yeah, that will do. Glasses. I can I can do. It could be a glasses manager. Then cosmetics, which are a lot of fun. Oh yeah, you've got makeup. &gt;&gt; Makeup, eyeliner, eyeshadow. &gt;&gt; Wow. Lipstick as well. Could do with my lips having a bit of color. If you want some eyeshadow, you can have some eyeshadow. &gt;&gt; think it doesn't need it. I will leave it for now. Right, skin details. Here we go. Oh, I have Okay, so this this is a little more like me now cuz I have got a bit of freckles. Let's go Let's go that one, I reckon. Okay. Now, there's something Sculpting. &gt;&gt; Yes. So, so this you can have more wrinkles if you want or less. I mean, I'm not getting any younger, Miles. &gt;&gt; If you go back to face shape, Yeah. &gt;&gt; just to show you the level of detail. We won't muck about with this too much today, but you can sculpt your face, your jaw, your forehead, your chin, and your cheekbones. This is really important, I think, because I'm sort of speeding through it cuz I'm used to previous games, but there's little hidden features in there I wasn't even aware of. &gt;&gt; stuff in here. You can go really, really deep if you want to try and make yourself properly or try and create a character properly, or if you just want to try and break it and then post those things on the internet as memes. We know it's going to happen. Okay. I haven't done my hair. I should probably give myself some hair, shouldn't I? I mean, let's keep it simple. Let's just go with Is that That's not a million miles off, is it? And then color. Bosch. I mean, I'll take it. I mean, attire. Do you want to be smart? Do you want to be casual? Ooh. Okay, that coat we still Oh, I do like the big the older manager coats, but I think I think Let's go with something like that, maybe. &gt;&gt; Okay, and then you can change the color of the different parts as well. So, your jacket, your shirt. &gt;&gt; All right, I'm going to go with a I mean, that's a bit out there, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Well, having a bit of Watford in there always helps. Oh, you can't. You've got Man You've got Man City now, mate. All right, what about Yellow tie, yellow tie, yellow tie. &gt;&gt; go yellow tie. That's like transfer deadline day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. Well, I'm quite happy with this. Is there anything else we want to demonstrate in here before we move on? You can just see the different breadth of things that you can change. You can have your watch on if you want and uh you get the lovely little manager &gt;&gt; definitely stick a badge on. Let's stick Let's stick a watch on there. All right, awesome. Yeah, that I mean, this is this is just the first thing we've come across and it's already ridiculously more detailed than what we're used to. It's a bit of a change, isn't it? So much, right? &gt;&gt; So, you're happy with your look? &gt;&gt; I think I mean, it's subjective. Some people Some people won't be, but I'll go with it. &gt;&gt; It looks pretty good. Yeah, so &gt;&gt; Let's Let's go and select your your actual profile now cuz this again is very different. Name. Right, we'll just keep it simple here. Um some people do think my name is Spencer FC, by the way, but it's not. Uh this is the name most people know me as. &gt;&gt; I'm normally Miles Bloak in my name in my games. So, yeah. Place of birth, same as before, really. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can get quite Unfortunately, that's not going to work. You have to select the country first. I don't know. Yeah, so I didn't know I didn't know that. &gt;&gt; Okay. You're welcome. That's new. Did you know that? So, that is where I was born, if anyone's wondering. &gt;&gt; I'd reported that as a bug the other week, so I didn't think it was working. Well, my previous nation was English, would it be a UK? &gt;&gt; English. Yeah, English. Think like Yeah, Bosch. Okay, so English. Then you can have your second nationality. You can have additional languages as well. &gt;&gt; What would happen if I did put additional languages in there in terms of the game? It means that if you move to those countries, you're able to adapt a little bit quicker. Okay, so I have got like pigeon Spanish, but we'll leave &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can't type in pigeon Spanish. Only Only main Spanish now. Okay. There's something really, really important. So, even if you've played the game for 20 years, 30 years, however long you've played it for, please do the tutorials this year because one of the things we're going to go into this in a little bit, it's actually a lot easier for newer players to get used to the new UI than it is for people who've played for a long time. Because if you're one of those people who's played for 1,000, 2,000 hours, you've actually got to unlearn everything that you already know, all those things that you do via muscle memory. It's not that &gt;&gt; work like that anymore. So, please do the tutorials, however well you know the game. &gt;&gt; I'm not going to lie, I am 100% the guy that would normally just kick skip tutorial thinking I know better and then spend loads of time trying to fix it myself. So, yeah, okay. But for the purpose of the video, actually no, let's let's do it. &gt;&gt; Should we do it? So, obviously we're in the manager creation right now. So, the first consideration in determining who you are is your manager credentials. These are your past achievements from which your reputation is derived. So, reputation's pending right now. It's going to depend based on what we put in, but the sort of job that I could get if I started unemployed for example, how much respect you get from the media. Okay, these are important decisions. So, footballing career, okay. So, again, I'll be going realistic cuz it's not that good. Uh manager creation, okay, finished. Right. So, it's given me an idea. So, I'm a generational superstar. I feel that's up for debate, Miles. I I think in your own head, you're not. Right. So, as a footballer, let's be honest, I'm really basically at best a lower league veteran, and that's not I think that's being quite kind. So, let's click next on that. So, I've got some work to do to win the the media and the players over already. Non-playing role. Okay, so this is interesting for myself, someone who does run a football club. Um this is going to help build my reputation. Okay. Non-playing renown. Okay, so this is what I'm my manager is known for. It doesn't have to be as a player. Absolutely. Okay. So, let's do that bit. So, okay, so you can talk about how well you're known as a coach, as a recruiter, as football operations, medical. So, it's basically recognizing that there's a lot of different roles in football. Okay, well, realistically, I mean, okay, so you can put different things for each one or how does it work? Uh no, you I think you can only choose one on these. &gt;&gt; Okay, so I guess for me personally, I'm probably in this section, I would say. And I would say I'm a I'm I'm not a journalist, let's be honest. Pundit? Let's say pundit. Let's say pundit. How well are you known for it? Recognized worldwide? I'd say recognized in your own nation. &gt;&gt; I'll take that. I'll take that. And you can if you have no experience, you can just click that, and that's obviously the the archetypal start with nothing, work your way up option. Absolutely. It This is all about creating the character that you want, and also the game that you want, because all the things that you set here are feeding in, and that's going to be an important part of the game. We've spoken so many times now about how this is the first part of the next 20 years. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, yeah. This gives us so many possibilities on the storytelling and allowing people to create their own story in the game. You do get people obviously go from sort of media roles or maybe even medical roles. There's been examples of that in football. We haven't seen enough referees become managers. We haven't as yet. One day. I mean, we need more footballers become referees. That's what we need. Okay. Coaching badges, okay, sure. So, I actually do have a UEFA C. So, let's go continental C, I think is that's cool. &gt;&gt; That's absolutely what it's there for. So, that's in. Okay, good. Right, now we're talking about coaching style. Okay, how important is this? Well, this is going to define what is expected from your players and the supporters from you. So, if you go for a you say that you have a massively attacking style, Mhm. &gt;&gt; and then you play really defensive football, you're going to be asked a lot of questions about that. You're going to get judged on that. &gt;&gt; Right. You know as a West Ham fan, you want a certain kind of football at West Ham, right? I hear West Ham supporters talking about the West Ham way so often. Spurs fans do the same, Barcelona do the same. So, are you going to be able to gel with the supporters and the board of the club with the football that you try to pick? &gt;&gt; And when you're applying for jobs, it could actually affect whether they give you the job. &gt;&gt; It does to a small degree now, but it's going to become part in future versions of the game. &gt;&gt; Okay. It becomes a more important part, because there'll be clubs that literally won't look at you Right. based on what you're saying. &gt;&gt; known to be defensive or whatever. We didn't want to do that this year cuz we wanted to introduce people to lots of stuff, but um but yeah, &gt;&gt; the future is strong with this feature. &gt;&gt; So, we've got all these different yeah, coaching style, we've got coaching attributes, your mental attributes, your tendencies, which I like. &gt;&gt; can choose up to three as well. &gt;&gt; this is probably going to be more what I want to be rather than what I'm So, I want attacking football. Yep. I want energetic football. I want us to be the fittest team in the league. And I I want to entertain, Miles. There you go. Now, as you were ticking those boxes, &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is what &gt;&gt; your coaching attributes change. Now, staff attributes are no longer out of 20. We're now using word descriptions. Right. &gt;&gt; And one of the reasons for that is no one can tell you what the difference is between 16 and a 17 on attacking coaching, right? So, we just thought it better to actually use descriptions. So, these will still improve and get worse depending on your actions inside the game, but this sets up the basic. So, you can look at this and by choosing different options, this will basically you can muck about this a little bit, fiddle about with it until you get the the things that you choose. Has this also taken into consideration the previous games as well? &gt;&gt; Absolutely, which is why because you're coming in as a UEFA C and as someone without a lot of experience, ticking on attacking it has an effect, but it's not a huge effect. It's not a huge amount. &gt;&gt; class or anything, yeah. &gt;&gt; So, you've you've gone up from reasonable, you know, average, but it's not &gt;&gt; That's the dream though, isn't it? Especially if you do a journeyman career, your rankings are going to be your descriptions are going to be low, and you you see them rise with you. Rise awful. Awful. Oh, yeah. We don't like to talk about that part, right? Okay. Oh, mate. There you go. I would have just clicked through this, but you haven't, so it's all good. Okay. How would you describe your personality? Okay, so we've got six options here, and we can select up to two. Yep. So, we've got driven, disciplined, resilient, convincing, inspirational, dare I say, accomplished. Okay, I'm going to say I'm a driven person, and I'm going to say And again, you don't have to build this in your own image, but &gt;&gt; I I would definitely have you as inspirational. Yeah? Based on train journeys that we've had together, mate. All right, so hopefully I can get that into the changing room then, fine. Driven and inspirational is is I feel like we've got a bit of a I can think of some managers in real life that this this personality is emulating. Okay. Manager creation, that this is who you are, but it does not define who you'll become. Absolutely. &gt;&gt; choices for your career can do that. I love that. Right, understood. This is me in a nutshell. That is you. You are now set up to start the game. Bosch. Here we go. So, this is my kind of yeah, my profile. Start game. Let's do it. West Ham, 60 points, Spencer Owen, let's go. And crucially, I've gone back to being 36 at the start of the season. And you're also getting a sneak peek of what's capable with the new gen faces there as well, which is something that I know the hardcore really, really keen to see. Um it is exactly the same system that our character create does. And we're in. Now, did not take long at all. &gt;&gt; You are in. It's now ready. You can see the stuff in the top right corner. And welcome to the new UI. So, straight away we're seeing this UI is very different to what we're used to. Talk me through it. We've got messages. So, that obviously is your inbox essentially, things coming through. So, I think when when we started showing screenshots of of FM25 as well as before we canceled it, um we'd moved to a more WhatsApp-based system, yeah, and it was actually one of the problems with the game. It just didn't work properly because you had to have conversations constantly, and we all know that conversations aren't the most favorite thing that people do inside our game historically. Yeah, voice notes, unfortunately, AI isn't quite there yet to be able to to react to them. So, we have got a messages system, but it is all quite different, but we've got the tutorial of this, so if you just go through this, that will start you off in the game. &gt;&gt; tasks, unread. Yeah, you've got loads of stuff. Obviously, you just got the job here, you're always going to have a load of things to look at. Pre-season report, so you've got a news section here. And this is all part of what we call the portal. So, the portal is your place to get uh to get the core information that you need really easily. And there is effectively a portal for each of the different sections in the game. So, for the main portal and for squad then recruitment, match day, club, and career, each one has like a dashboard of smaller bits of information that you can click on to get the bigger bits of information. But what we haven't really shown off yet for the experienced players is how you can actually bypass those bits of information and go straight to where you go. So, that's what we'll look at once you've been through the tutorial. So, we're seeing this sort of yeah, this home screen, this portal, the different things that are on display. So, all of these things are are smaller things called um tiles, and when you click on the tiles, you get taken to that screen, which we call a card, to get even more information there. There are sometimes where you get two by two tiles, and those tiles can actually grow to I believe it's eight by eight, so you might have lots of different versions of them that you can then click on. FMPedia is something we'll come to in a second, which is a massive new thing in the Awesome. Is this customizable at all? So, no, not this time round, but so on the on the news section at the bottom, you can see that there's lots of different news, the carousels. Okay, and I can click on that, it opens up. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. But um there are some areas where we didn't feel that we were getting enough information there. So, if you were to click on squad for example, let's go there really quickly, you can see on squad that you can see your first team there, Yeah. but right at the top of the screen, you've got little carousels, and that will take you to your under-21s team and your under-18s team. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, you've got uh under-21s, under-18s, yeah. We can click on any of these these these uh Any of these any of these tiles will open into cards. But let's go back to the portal. I'm going to show the the overall navigation. So, here along the top, we have the six sections where everything appears. And as we've said and as we've seen from the squad, each one of those has its own overview page. &gt;&gt; Yeah. However, if you go and hover over that down arrow, those are the different sections that you can get to, and that actually opens up the big section straight away. So, you want to go to your calendar. So, once you're a bit more used to where things are in the game, you can navigate around a lot quicker by just using those drop-downs. Yeah, that's nice. And that's the same for each each section. &gt;&gt; For each section. Each section has those. So, we call that the secondary navigation inside the game. So much stuff. I mean, this is what we love about the game though, right? &gt;&gt; And it's huge. And if if again, if you go to match day for example, and just click on the arrow, um you will see there that you have little icons at the end. So, if you click on penalties, that brings a pop-up. So, where you're seeing those little icons, that means that it's a pop-up that goes onto the screen. And then to get out of that, you can just click on it to get out of. Back to where you were. And if there isn't a pop-up icon, that means that it's um it's a pure card in its own right, if you like, or a tile in its own right. Okay. Ah, so much stuff to get your head round. &gt;&gt; There there's loads to get your head round. Bookmarks. Yes. inquisitive person, come to the bookmarks. So, you'll see there that we've got six bookmarks. Bookmarks are like shortcuts to take you directly to a screen. So, the six that you have here by default are the six that we think that people are going to go to the most, right? Takes you straight to your messages, straight to your first team. Um when we announced this, we said that there were going to be six bookmarks. We've actually changed that because PC players have different size resolutions, okay? Ranging from people playing on a Steam Deck, where you've got a much smaller screen size, to an old-school monitor, through to the people that have the 4K monitors. And apparently, some have 8K. You've probably got an 8K. I need to. I didn't know there was one. So, if you've got a high-resolution screen, you can now have 12 bookmarks there instead of six. And when we showed the list of bookmarks, there was only a choice of about 10. If you click on the on the down arrow next to the bookmarks, you can see we've now got loads more choice. So, we can just star any of these. You can instantly add another six to your list from there, and then you have to swap them around from &gt;&gt; Calendar for me is crucial. I always want to see what's my fixtures, who have I got coming up. Um yeah, what else would be a definite for me? I like squad planner. I don't I don't go in there a load, but I do like it. Training, obviously you're going to do that. You know, there's so many different ways you can you can play the game. And transfer room, you'll be learning about that later when we're playing. The transfer room's really important as well. &gt;&gt; Set pieces, I mean, some people would get really into all of that stuff. But everyone plays the game in a different way, which is why we've got so much choice there for people to choose from. Cuz you've got fixture schedule as well as calendar, so there's two different things. &gt;&gt; would personally be using the fixture one rather than the calendar. Yeah, that's my &gt;&gt; not it when it comes to navigation. I'm feeling a bit like, you know, those late-night TV shows when they're doing the shopping channels at the moment. That's not all. We've got something else. What we got? So, um so, we've got the world icon there, which is something that wasn't in the early screenshots, but public demand has meant that we've brought that back. So, you can still navigate around the whole world. Nice. But FMpedia and the search bar. This It sounds really sad, right, when we've got so much new inside the game, but this, alongside the animations, could well be my favorite new thing that we've added to the series. So, if you click on search, now normally with search, you would just use it for searching for player names, right? Or for club names. Type in tactic. Oh, wow. So, you now have what we call FMpedia. These It's an encyclopedia of football. So, this is for people who might not know football as well, or want to learn more about it. We've got that in there. But if you click on the tactics thing on the left-hand side as well, that should take you directly to your tactics screen. So, if you are lost at any point inside the game, and you want to know where something is, you can type it into the search bar, and it will actually take you directly to the tile That's amazing. &gt;&gt; to get to. That is very intuitive, isn't it? That's what we want. So, on the messages as well, if you click on one of the messages, cuz obviously you can't see them properly, they then open up as well. And um keyboard shortcuts are really really important Yeah. &gt;&gt; here. So, if you were to use the up and down arrows, Yeah, just going through all the messages. &gt;&gt; through them all nice and easily. And each of these as well, most of the news items will also have attachments, and they will also have um an attachment to just like tiles that you can click on and get more information. Um and lots of them will have conversations baked in as well, and things that you have to do. Amazing. Nice. So, if we've read all our messages, we're ready to crack on. Yeah, although you've got some that must respond, and that you won't be able &gt;&gt; want to be that guy, do you, that doesn't do the the club vision meeting, you'll get in trouble. But again, the response required thing, this guides you through so that you'll know exactly what steps you're doing inside the game. I'm not trying to upset the apple cart here. I've accepted the club vision, no questions asked. I'll I'll do They're paying you 83 grand a week. I'm not surprised. It's not bad, is it? So, we've got West Ham tactics introduction. Okay, so obviously tactics, huge talking point. Absolutely massive. Um for the first time, we have in possession and out of possession formations &gt;&gt; Wow. in the game. So, yeah, very &gt;&gt; click on these, and we get into it. So, we've got two different tactics to pick, and they kind of work in conjunction with each other, don't they? Well, you choose one tactical style. Um so, choose your style. It's West Ham we're talking about here. Let's not get ideas above our station. I know I've said I'm an attacking manager, but we've got to work our way towards that. I'm I'm I'm going to go fluid counter-attack. I think that's a good good choice given your squad as well. And you get you get animations. That's That's not a bad thing. You get animations to show exactly how the tactics work. Um we've had these previously in the series, but there's more of them now. Yeah, okay. I like it. Yeah, it's giving you all the information you need. So, we're going to go that as our Yep, go for it. &gt;&gt; uh our overall strategy. And now we start looking at the formations for in possession. &gt;&gt; So, okay. This is when you have the ball and are pushing forward, what shape do you want to set up? Think Think about West Ham squad, I think we're going to have to be one of these. Okay. So, we're going to go 4-2-3-1 with DM two DMs. Nice. And these are just the suggested ones. If you click on all, you'll see there's a lot more choice there. And these are suggested based on that formation getting the best out of it. It's based on the players that you have, yeah. Okay. So, we'll go with that. Yep. Out of possession. Yep. So, this is when we don't have the &gt;&gt; So, when you don't have the ball, where do you want your players to be standing? Okay. So, so that one I've got there is basically just a slightly deeper version of what my in possession one is. But you can change it, so one guy becomes more of a defensive midfielder. Absolutely. And And if you try and do too much, so if you take a striker and you say that the striker in possession, out of possession you want them to be a right back, you will get a warning to tell you that that's a stupid thing to do. &gt;&gt; Okay. I think the player will probably kick off at some point. Right, let's have a look. Let's go that. Okay. So, that's my formation. This is 4-2-3-1. &gt;&gt; is your combined formation. This is how things would look if you're looking at them both at the same time. If you If you click on in possession, that's your in possession formation. Click on out of possession, that's your out of possession formation. Click on both, you see them both side by side, and then a smaller squad list. And in terms of players' ability to play in a combined, you know, setup, that's going to be impacted by how good they are at these positions, but also if they can like fill in winger, for example. Can they do this job? So, players now have role preferences for both in possession and out of possession, and your scouts take all of that into account as well. So, you can be scouting for both in possession roles and out of possession roles, or everything at the same time. So, this is a This is a huge dare I say one of the biggest changes this year, would you say? I think it's one of the biggest changes in the 34 years that we've been releasing games. Um you know, the work that went on with the match engine under the hoods to make sure this was all working properly was was massive. Um and it completely changes the control that you have. It's I People hark back to in Champ Man when we used to have with ball and without ball, but that wasn't different formations. That didn't have anywhere near the control that you have here with this. If you go back to combined for 1 second, and just do a quick pick of the team, just so that the team's there in the top right-hand corner. Oh, the quick pick. Sorry, yeah. Yeah, let your assistant Okay, just do it. So, you can see there that you can change your in possession roles and your out of possession roles. Yeah, so you could be a wing on, it tells you like how good they are at each position. &gt;&gt; animations for each one of them, and your key attributes for each one of them as well. Yeah, so Lucas Paquetá maybe more of a playmaking winger, and I'd probably get the new lad in at left back, to be honest. And I'd have him bombing on. That's what I'm thinking. Coming on the outside. So, now go to team instructions. Okay. So, team instructions, you've got here this is your in possession team instructions. You can also have your out of possession ones, or you can be looking them all at the same time. Cuz if you click on overview, you'll see that they're now split into final third, progression, build-up, and also zones. And this is another one of my favorite things. Go and click on the pitch. Okay. You now have different phases that you can see exactly what your players are going to be doing when they're in the different phases. It's incredible. And it's split into three phases, but each of those phases has three areas on the pitch as well. So, by changing your team instructions, by changing your team shape, you're able to affect everything. Yeah, this is obviously the sort of when we look at modern-day football, we we study tactics and analysis, the way that it is now compared to say 10 years ago, these are sort of terms people are talking about, you know, final thirds and all these things. We've got that in the game. It's Absolutely. And it gives you those in the um suggested instructions every time. But again, if you click on the build-up Uh build-up strategy, yeah. Um Not build-up strategy. If you If you drop No, that's okay. If you drop on the build-up uh drop &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Build-up. then you can still get everything that you want there at the same time. You're not limited to only changing these instructions when you're clicking on the pitch basically. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, yeah, these things are all changing each spot. Wow. And if you click on all instructions Okay. &gt;&gt; That's the huge amount of instructions that you have for both in possession and out of possession. And we can go, yeah, between the two. And then again, you can do the uh final third for example or whatever. &gt;&gt; from there. Well, so you you can get as complex as you want to. Absolutely. But as you can see from from the UI, you know, you've had your little help the little the little Miles on the shoulder of showing you what you need to do. And you can see how easy it is to pick to pick it up from there. Well, um Yeah, that's a huge a huge development, I think. That's going to be People you're going to have so much more impact on what actually happens on the pitch now. Absolutely. And you know, we tried to keep quality of life there as well. So, you can drag and drop on the team selection there or you can drag and drop onto the pitch as well to set the different things. You can set the roles either from the squad screen that you have here or on the pitch. And I believe if you it's either right click or left click on a player shirt, you've got your player instructions down there as well. &gt;&gt; Oh, so I can player instructions I can can do a quick compare to players in that position as well. Yeah. Yeah, I like that a lot cuz I just put Souček in there for example, and then I'm not sure about him, but that's probably cuz I've got him as a deep-lying playmaker. If I make him &gt;&gt; Absolutely. a box-to-box man which we all know he can do. And then the in terms of their star rating, that's taken into consideration their in possession and their out position, isn't &gt;&gt; It It does here, but if you go to in possession that's their in possession rating. If you go to out of possession, that's their out of possession rating. Interesting. &gt;&gt; So, the combined is a merge of the two together. And up here you can say so for example, I can say in possession I want him to be a center forward or maybe a target forward. Out of position maybe he could be a top Yeah, tracking back. Yeah, okay. So, you've got two roles. Doesn't have to be the same thing. It's unprecedented control over it. And the roles, some of them you'll recognize the names, but again, look at the descriptions. Look at the key attributes because a lot of them have changed and a lot of them are new as well. Well, Miles, you've set me up nicely. I want to get amongst it now. I want to get in and see what uh damage I can do with this West Ham side. Basically, you want me to go away so that you can just play the game, right? &gt;&gt; that kind of it? It's It's fine. You're too good. &gt;&gt; It's fine. It's all good. I've got work to do. Still got to finish the the game. So, look, hope you enjoy it. I'll pop back and see you later. Thank you very much, Miles. &gt;&gt; Cheers. Here out. Wow. Okay. Right, I've called in the big dogs. I need some help here. We've got a West Ham game to manage. So, who better than the West Ham skipper, Mr. Jarrod Bowen. Jarrod, thank you for joining me. I know you're a big FM fan. Yeah. How you feeling? This is your first look at the new game. I'm excited. Um really, really excited for it. Looking at it now. Going to take a good half hour to I think to get to get into it and understand it, but no, I'm excited to play it. Yeah, it's very different. It's so in-depth. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And this is where I need your help to be honest cuz I'm looking at these, you know, we we talked to Miles earlier. We've got the in possession and the out possession screen. I've gone with and I'd love your thoughts on it. Yeah. We've got a fluid counter-attacking system. &gt;&gt; Yeah, good. Okay. I've got you on the right. I know you can play up front and I'm open to ideas here. But we're going with with Faulkingham up front. We've got you on the right. We've got you as an inverted winger. Do you see yourself more as an inside forward or an inverted winger? I'd say forward cuz I like to score goals. You know what? You've convinced me. We're going to change it. Bosch. Inside forward. Um we've got overlapping wing-backs obviously cuz we've got a wide man coming in. Is there anything you want to change? We've had to take into consideration a few injuries and fitness issues. &gt;&gt; Yeah. What what do we think? &gt;&gt; No, team looks good. Set up's good. Can Ollie play DM, yeah? Mate, you know what I've realized about this game? Look at He is your dream FM player. Look at the positions he can play. &gt;&gt; Wow. You know when you want all the green circles everywhere? And he's 19, homegrown. Wow. This is this is very important stuff. And obviously, we should look at your stats, shouldn't we? We should have a little look at this. It's going in the right direction. Arrows are up. We like that. Um anything you want to take issue with? You're in the right place cuz if you don't like it, you can go talk to some guys. And what we at 20? You like to look at the greens. Yeah. Work rate. Determination. Yeah, that's bang on, isn't it? Finishing 15, I can live with I mean, what I'd say is they're well-rounded. Yeah, I was going to say you've got a lot of like a lot of stats 15 or above, which is where you want to be. Again, talking of versatility. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, you don't don't spend a lot of time on the left. &gt;&gt; No, I don't. To be fair, I don't play on the left a lot. But you could. I could. I could do this. I'm a number 10 as well. Yeah. Yeah, I haven't seen you play that too much. No, I don't. No. But striker and obviously right side is your main area these days. &gt;&gt; wants me out. Someone wants me. Oh god, we don't want to look at that. Oh, loads of teams want Look at this PSG. &gt;&gt; playing PSG. Mate, it's not my staff, is it? Come on. I was I was staying. Yeah, I love this, mate. This is It's not quite nice when you get to analyze this. I mean, FM are known for their like ridiculously in-depth scouting and like that that This is what they pride themselves on. They've got I think they're the biggest scouting um collection of scouts in world football. So, team-wise &gt;&gt; up looks Yeah, set up looks good. We've got Brentford at home. Yeah. Okay. We happy with the fluid counter-attack approach? Yeah, I think the personnel's good as well. Haller as the What we got him as? Target man? Yeah, we've got target man in possession. Out of possession is a center forward. Yeah. So, we could look at making him center forward both ways. He prefers to be a center &gt;&gt; mind target forward. This is with the ball, right? This is with the ball. Exactly. So, if we win it back, he's got to be especially if playing counter-attack, you need someone to be that target. Exactly. Runners either side. Yeah, yeah. I like him. &gt;&gt; like I like the thinking. &gt;&gt; I think should we get into it? I reckon let's get into it. &gt;&gt; Brentford, they don't know what's coming for them. Brentford at home. So, we have got a few fitness issues just for you Okay. But it is a both both on the left side. So, I think an hour and we'll see where we're at. &gt;&gt; Have they got anyone good on the right, Brentford? We could be in trouble here. Right. So, obviously this is a little bit different to what you're used to as well. It's got a new match engine. We're going to see that now. So, yeah, Brentford side. I mean, they've got They've got some good players today. &gt;&gt; signing. Yeah, they've got They've done well. I mean, they're considering they have to reinvent their team this I mean, they've done all right. &gt;&gt; a few, haven't they? They've done well, though. Well, I mean, this is just the team. Jarrod, what's What would inspire you in the changing rooms? We're at home. Let them know. There you go. It's important to make the most of home advantage. Bosch. Let them know we're playing at home. &gt;&gt; What was your You listened keenly. Yeah, good. That's all we need to do. &gt;&gt; Yeah, not too much. I'm in that I'm in that zone before the game, you know. Well, do you appear inspired? Oh, wow. To be both inspired, I'm very happy with that. And the the defenders being motivated is always a good sign. We need that. We do need that. Right, okay. It's a bit of bit of press here to do before the game, obviously. How excited are we? So excited, mate. Scoring matters first to us. Yes, please. Agree. Strong belief in our ability, of course we do. Joshua Wheeler. Let's crack on to the dugout. Okay. Look at these. Look at these drone shots. &gt;&gt; Faces. It's all happening here. &gt;&gt; five. Yeah, I thought we played well. We've got Jordan in there. I mean, and also look at the stadium. I look at the actual Obviously you've got the licenses. It's all Premier League. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what I mean. Even the lineups with the faces in there. It It feels Even like that. Like the walkout, the ball on the stands. The crowd. Look at this drone shot. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Huh? Mental. Here we go. This is literally my first time as well seeing So, seeing this is like It's never been anything like this before. I don't know. &gt;&gt; No, it's magic. It's And obviously when you're playing at home, you're going to get all the sounds and all that stuff. &gt;&gt; yeah. You love the sounds of it for sure. Got the kits in the game, everything in there. Let's go. So, we're on the way. what sort of pace do you play at at home? Um probably a smudge quicker than this. But not where it's like do do do. You know what I mean? Like not where it's like I think when there's that the middle bar, I'm probably about two clicks to the right if that makes sense. That's what I've always played at before. So, then you've got the middle. Who's got a penalty? Checking. I think I I think I just gave it away a penalty cuz I said by me. Penalty awarded. Wow. Bowen. No, you gave it away. &gt;&gt; what I said. I thought I said it. &gt;&gt; Jarrod, you can't write this. I was too excited before the game. Come on, Areola. Yes! Saved it! Got me out. Got me out of that. 1 minute in. I'm not liking this XG. No, that's a penalty, though, isn't it? What's the XG? 0.79. True. He knows his stuff. They've missed it, which is all that matters. Areola's on a 0.6. &gt;&gt; a highlight here. No, this is just in between. And when it gets to the It will take us The highlight it will come back on. It will take us in. Obviously, you can change what you've got it on. We've got it set on key. So, let's go to extended. See what that does. We should see a bit more action now. And it's moving at a decent pace as we know. 5 minutes in. &gt;&gt; whipping that ball around, aren't we? &gt;&gt; We haven't really created anything yet, which So, we're all getting ourselves out of the penalty that we found ourselves in that I gave away. Yeah, that was I mean, that is outrageous that that happened. I think you fired me up too much. I know. Some people are too inspirational. Here we go. Right. Right, Wan-Bissaka. Get it to Bowen. He's going to make a run. Yeah, now play it inside. Let's see Oh, but you were on Somerville, come on, my son. Yes. Jarrod. Keep him away from the other penalty box. We've learned that way. Wan-Bissaka. Get it in the mixer. Go on. &gt;&gt; Go on. Oh, you've got to put them away. No, I thought the keeper saved it. That's your right foot, mate. &gt;&gt; a bad start. That's your right foot, mate. I've had a tough 10 minutes here. Given away a penalty and missed a one-on-one. They've only given you 0.04 XG for that as well. So, it wasn't easy. &gt;&gt; No, it's not a big chance. I think he's being harsh saying you've got to score that. Yeah, I know. Let's move up to balance, mate, cuz I'm a little bit concerned about the lack of chances being created. I mean, the Brentford are no no mugs. They've got that back three slash back five as well. [Applause] Here's them on the ball here. I don't like what I'm seeing. Need some pressure. Pereira is not even getting close to him. That's the lack of fitness. No. Don't like the drop down. I don't mind him shooting from &gt;&gt; He's not buying it from there, is he? No, I don't mind him shooting from &gt;&gt; Not a problem for Areola. He's He's having a best game right now, 7.6. &gt;&gt; Yeah, saved the pen. Yeah. You're on a 6.7, but there's plenty of time. I thought it'd be lower than that considering I gave away a penalty and That's true, actually. Yeah. Must be doing stuff that we're not seeing, you know. It's all that hard work off the ball. Yeah. You know, that 17 work rate. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's what you get. But we the issue is I'm playing this counter-attacking formation and you do lose a lot of possession in that. Yeah, I think the chances are going to be at a minimum at counter-attack. Do we want to change it? Do we want to No, I don't mind it. Or maybe we could Maybe we could get on the front foot a little bit. We need to do something, mate. So I'm &gt;&gt; said This is home home game. So I feel like we're we're s- not set up how we're trying to speak in the dugout. Mate, you're so right. You're so right. I've said s- I've said one thing and I've managed to put it on the wrong way. I'm an absolute mug. We need to change this. Should we do it now? Yeah, let's do it now. Let's get into it. We're not going for the counter-attack. We're going to Also, is this panicking as a manager? We're changing our tactics a bit, but we're doing all the wrong control possession. Gegenpress? Are we gegenpressing inside? Not sure. You know, we keep Keep it the same, but then we could What we can do is we can go into team instructions, for example. Yeah. We could push We could push our like line up a little bit. Um There's a few things we could change within the formation. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there is. Build up strategy, bypass pass, play through. Let's go back to overview. So I think we've got all the instructions. Here we go, right. So Take your time wasting build up strategy, goal kicks. I need to see what the options are. So say passing direct, and so progress through. You want to just go down the right, mate? Just play that Yeah. &gt;&gt; Get it to Jared. Patience. Out of possession, line of engagement. Okay, we've got a mid block. &gt;&gt; we step up. We're going to push up high press. High press, yeah. Okay, mate. But that's line of engagement. We've got defensive line as well. We could Should we keep Should we keep the mid block? Yeah, but press more. Yeah, just just start higher, basically. Defensive line standard. Trigger press more often. Defensive transition. Yeah, we're counter-pressing. We're getting stuck in front of them. &gt;&gt; I got stuck in a little bit too much in the way of penalties. Well, that's true, actually. Yeah. I take responsibility for that. Pressing trap. Trap outside, trap inside. Where we got the bodies? I reckon leave it balanced. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. Anything else we need to change here? Creative freedom. Play through the pass. Pass reception I don't know if these are linked, but we've got pass reception. Yeah. Into space. But then we've got short passing. Are they the same or You know what I mean? So passing into space, would that not be a little bit Would they not be longer passes? Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; we could change that. We could just go balanced. Sometimes you can't go wrong with just balanced, mate. Yeah. The game did it for you. I actually Trust the players. Should we Should we change our boy Nicklas up front to um Here we go, team shape. to a complete forward, center forward. I know he likes to be a target forward, but I think the formation might be suiting a complete forward up front. &gt;&gt; Okay, yeah. That's a lot of changes 15 minutes into the game. How are we even getting on? &gt;&gt; what we can see now first half If we score now, they need to give me the the England job immediately. Do you? Come on, whip it in. This is what we want you in that wing back role, putting those dangerous crosses in. This is the counter-press, see? Good old mister Ollie Watkins, yeah. &gt;&gt; of green circles, this lad. Soucek. Is he going to be boring? Is he going to be boring? Oh, that's beautiful football. Oh my god. Finish not so much. It's all right. Creating chances. Yeah, it's already improved. I'm not even sure about Our tactical changes haven't gone in yet. That's all right. We'll just say that they did. This looks worse than it is cuz of the penalty, the early penalty. Where are we? We're We're not even halfway through the first half. No need to panic. No, no panic stations here. They've got the back three. It's a very defensive formation from them, right? Can we get the ball off &gt;&gt; win it here, be good. Good. &gt;&gt; Good. That's what Aaron does. Soucek. Paqueta. You've got to unlock him. Here we go. Jared for the one-two. Feel like Fornals is not looking for me enough. It's outrageous is what it is. We can change that. &gt;&gt; No, it's fine. Oh, he's in. Go on. Ay, ay, ay. He's He's getting some chances, the youngster. Some of it. &gt;&gt; Better than nothing. It is better. We haven't got a shot on target yet, though. That's all right. We're just finding our range. Well, as a player, where do you actually prefer to play? Off the right or up front? &gt;&gt; You like off the right, yeah? I don't mind playing up front. I think in some games depends you know how the game's going and stuff. I think my strengths are running in behind and And having a striker to bounce off, yeah. &gt;&gt; think sometimes when you've got to try and hold the ball up and I'm, you know, 5'9 or something against these 6'4 center halves, that's always difficult, but Yeah, I think the way I play. Would you ever look at a team and go, "I fancy myself up front against those center backs"? Like different profile center back, maybe. Um I think all center halves are Ooh, that was good from you down the right. Yeah, down on the right, cross it in. Yeah, I think all center halves, especially this They're aging a bit quick. They're strong. Yeah. Physical. Yeah, they're tough. What are we on? 26. Four shots, one on target. Got the first one. We've definitely grown into the game. We had a terrible start, but we Areola saved us. Good bounce back ability. 100%. Arsenal beat Fulham in the other games, if you're wondering. Right, we've got another moment here on the half an hour mark. Damsgaard. Need a bit of pressure here. Uh-oh. Need him to get tight on the edge of the That's all right. It's not a problem for us. That's all right. Oh, okay then. That's pretty fast. Let's do that. There we go. Quick enough. Come on, the boys. We've got four shots. We've got one on target. It's progress. I'd like to see this possession a bit higher, but it is slowly rising. &gt;&gt; little bit of that counter-attacking way though, isn't it? It's gone up from 42 to 45%. We're in the right direction. Come on. It's a moment of magic. I think Lucas is going to do something at the box. I think it's going to be Fornals who gets our first goal. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think so. Let's go. Oh, free kick. Can I have a card, please, mate? Are you on these? Nah, I've got Lucas on them. Yeah. Is he shooting from there? Don't fancy him shooting from there. Surely not. He has done. Oh my god, I thought that one went in. Genuinely thought that went in. That would have been delightful. But we are definitely in the ascendancy &gt;&gt; Yeah. We're on top. Look at that. Six shots for Yeah, we're flying. We'll get him in at the break. We'll have a little chat with him, but we're going to be very positive. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think we're we're heading in the right direction. You know, even if it's just by one goal, a home win against Brentford is a decent result. Take that. Come on. Saka. Yes, he's doing what we're asking him to do. He's beating his man. He's going to cross it in. Oh my word. Thought that was it. I think there's another highlight there. Sometimes it does this until the ball goes out there. Oh no, surely not. No, my god. Areola's made himself big. Defense just needs to check the middle. That was nervy, though. That's right for the middle. Strike key. Good free. All right, let's just get in at the break. Let's regroup. Do we want to look at anyone on the bench? I mean, we have got some options. Let's have a look Let's sub down here. We've got Attacking wise We've got Cullen. Yeah, we've got few. Throw him in the mix. &gt;&gt; I think we give it another 15, see what everyone's See who's tired. See who's fatiguing. That left side was getting fatigued, wasn't it, before the game? They were struggling. Match fitness is not &gt;&gt; can keep an eye on that and see what Hey, up. Right, this is a perfect time to score now. Get in the mixer. Go on. Yeah, back in. Come on. Don't lose it. &gt;&gt; Why? We're in the box. This is it. This is it. This is what we played him for. Yes! Come on! Let's go! Somerville. This is an assist, by the way. I know he come off the keeper, but I think that's an assist. Do you? Look at this work from him. How can you not give an assist for this? He's beating his man. He's into the box. No one's getting near him. &gt;&gt; a shot or a cross? I think he crosses it. Keeper comes out. I think you've got to give an assist for that, mate. &gt;&gt; Yes. I I'd be arguing for it. As an attacking Unless he's got an assist bonus, in which case it's not an assist. No, it's not an assist. But Somerville, &gt;&gt; 1-0 before the break. It's a great time to score. Oh, no. No, it won't be. There's no way they're doing anything now. There is no way. Blow that whistle, ref. Yeah, let's play two minutes on. Come on! Good half. It's a very good half. We're very happy with that. We've turned it round from a dodgy start. Right, half time. Let's adjust the team. What do we want to say? I think doing well, but keep working hard. Cuz it's not done, is it? No, it's not done. That's what I mean. I think you can say well done, but just not too much where they think the game's done. We don't want to say that's Don't want to see a hint of complacency. That feels a little bit &gt;&gt; Feels a bit harsh. Yeah, we're not going to do that, are we? That's not our style. Look at the reaction. Good. That's what we want. Let's get straight in. We're not doing any changes at half time, mate. I think give it Yeah. 10, 15. See what that left side's like, cuz they was struggling a little bit before the game. Yeah. We can I do I'm actually I think that's a bit harsh, 6.6. He set the goal up. Yeah. Just quickly do that up to that. There we go. So we could think Yeah, Somerville's got the goal as well, by the way. Left side that was supposed to be unfit is killing That's where the goal came from. You've got to ask questions about the right side for me. Yeah. I'm having a bit of a stinker. I'm on the seconds on the 7.2 as well. What's going on? Should we stick you up What do you think? Um Lucas is on a 6.3, by the &gt;&gt; Yeah, to be fair, he could be worse. What minute are we in here? 57, okay. Should we have a little think about this? See what happens get to 60. I've actually gone down. Bowen, this is your This is your area. He's in the box. &gt;&gt; Pen. Oh. I think you go down. It's not over. Could still come here. Oh, come on. &gt;&gt; don't need counter-attack. Stop the counter. Foul. Foul. Yeah, this is a great time to foul. Okay, we're back in the mix. 60 minutes, what do you think? How's the energy looking? Diouf, he's all right. He's He's all right. &gt;&gt; seem all right at the minute, didn't they? I'm not desperate to change him. I know he's all right now. Look at the actually have The shots have increased. I think we started too cautiously. Especially at home, I think front-foot approach. They've only got one green, seven. Pinnock, everyone else is less. We've got a few. Right, 70 minutes now. I think we're going to have a little look. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think we'll have a little look. Paused it to have a little look. Right back is tired. The right back is absolutely shattered. I think At that point, do you just risk it though? 7.37, he's having a world day. He is having a world day. Got quite a lack of fitness on the bench, to be honest. Yeah, yeah. We've got some We've got We've got Kyle Walker-Peters we can stick on at right back, but Because Do we need to change it right now? Boys in the middle could could use a refresh. We've got &gt;&gt; Maybe some fresh legs, yeah. Ward-Prowse is injured. So, we've only got Fernandez and Yeah, We can play cuz DM in there. Gaston Ramirez. &gt;&gt; fitness though. That match sharpness, sorry. His fitness is fine. He's nervous as well. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah, he's not coming on. What about Fernandez, he can't come on. Can you play DM? &gt;&gt; Or Potts, Freddie Potts. Potts too, yeah. He's got the same problem. He's composed. &gt;&gt; He is composed. Do we Do we throw him in the mix? You You make the decision here, Jared. You're the expert. Yeah, I think we bring him on. Who? Potts. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Potts for Ollie. Potts for Ollie, like for like. &gt;&gt; put Soumare for another youth teamer. Yeah, I like that. In the academy, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. So, you go Just the one sub for now? You could go you up front. Yeah, we're going to bring on the right, Luis. Yeah? I like that. Like that shot. Put me up front. We'll do it. Yeah. All right. &gt;&gt; He's four star, you know. He's four star. All right, that's all right. Double change, yeah? Bit of fresh legs, yeah. Let's go. Come on, the boys. Oh, we've got No, it's them. It's them. &gt;&gt; corners. We've taken big Furlong off. They head these away as well. We've made a huge mistake. &gt;&gt; right. I've mended it. Come on. Get us through. Get over the line. We haven't even looked at the league table. I think that's going to tempt fate a little bit on. We're 13th right now, if you're wondering. We've got 15 minutes to Oh, we've got a highlight on me. Seems to not. Tottenham 4-0 up. Right, Wan-Bissaka. He's got Villa as well. Go on. Off the bench. That was nearly instant impact. That was a huge decision as well, cuz I'm not taking any credit for that. &gt;&gt; go. Get the second goal. Kill the game off. 77th minute. Yes. &gt;&gt; counter. He's having a heck of a game, Wan-Bissaka. Look at him. Like cuz Guerrero now into Potts off the bench. Yes. Yes. This is it. He's going to bang it. Hit Oh. Not long to go. We could score one. We could still be live here. Don't mind it. &gt;&gt; Don't mind it. Go on. No way. Oh, this is a substitute. Fresh legs, bring him on. That is management, if you're wondering. Take notes. What a decision. And I'm giving you the credit for that. &gt;&gt; Nah, it's a joint one. I I I wanted I wanted to see you up front, and that's what allowed Luis to come on and 2-0. That's got to be Not this far to go as well. Yeah, I don't want to tempt fate, but Oh, we've won it now, mate. I'll I'll happily to tempt fate. We have won the game. We are not &gt;&gt; to be cautious or not? Yeah, we'll go cautious, mate. Should we get Lucas off? I feel like he's he's done his bit for today. I mean, he needs a rest. 6.3, I'm not buzzing about that. Let's get Fernandez on in there. Yeah. Yeah, just tell him to just step up in the back. Malik or Kyle, maybe? He's on an eight, &gt;&gt; Kyle Walker-Peters. Cuz Malik was struggling, wasn't he? Yeah, we could do that. I don't mind that idea, actually. With his sharpness. How many subs you mean? Four? He's actually quite happy on the left, Walker-Peters, as well, interestingly. Can play there. Let's make him maybe not do the wing-back role. Fernandez with Paqueta. Bosch. And we just go with it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's good. See out the last 10. 5-2, Tottenham Villa. All right. Should we make it 3-0, Jared? Yeah, I think why not? Do you know what? Is it greedy? Nah. So sue me. I want three goals. Like the Upton Park ex-Upton Park faithful, London Stadium. Deserve it. Oh my god. If he come on and got two, he's starting next game. &gt;&gt; He could He could be starting next game. Are you starting next game? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm playing up front. I'm not sure you are, pal. I'm playing up front and Guerrero is going on the right. Fair. It's worked quite well. We want the clean We want the clean sheet. And that Wan-Bissaka, that's why he's going to get a round of applause. Do we want clean sheet though? What if they got clean sheet bonuses? It's a great question. Hm. I think we take it for the morale. Look at this. Potts. &gt;&gt; Potts too, yeah, see? He might have to start next game. Look at that for a cross. A pass, sorry. Fernandez off the bench. You have to say, substitutes have been exemplary. Look at the match stat count now as well. Possession, we don't matter about possession. Possession don't Possession don't win games. No, and if you take the penalty out of it, our XG is all over this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's it. Great win. And it's an easy game when you know what you're doing. That is what West Ham is all about. Wan-Bissaka 8.5, Areola 8.4. This is beautiful. And I have to say that's brilliant. &gt;&gt; Yeah, top. What a start. Let's go. Got to get through a few more games now, and hopefully the boys don't fall apart. Okay, we're up against the time wise, so we've taken a quick holiday, and we're ready for our next game, Leeds away. Tough. We're making one one change, and it was based on last game. You up front, and Luis is going to start out on the right. &gt;&gt; he deserves it. I think he deserves it. His fitness is is in the bin. I'm not going to lie, his condition is not great. But let's go. &gt;&gt; Let's get straight into it. Come on, the boys. Same again, really. I mean, if we get two from two, I think people will stop got to start putting our names out for the big jobs. &gt;&gt; I can't disagree. I wonder. We're up against Calvert-Lewin, of course. They've got a bit of pace out wide, Daniel James, but I I don't see this being a problem for us. No disrespect to Leeds. What do you reckon? I want to win every match, today's no different. Don't listen to a word anyone's saying about us. What are they saying about us? Yeah, what is it? Should we just go that one? Yeah. I'm happy with that. You appear inspired. &gt;&gt; Nice. I said that last game, mate, and gave away a penalty after 45 seconds. No, I think you listened keenly last game. Okay. This is different. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, it might be a small little thing. Uh quick bit of press. Paul Samuels. Do we know Paul Samuels? No. Never heard of him. Sorry, Paul. Sorry, Paul. Uh God, he's He's asking some questions. &gt;&gt; Who let him in? Paul. &gt;&gt; Come on, Paul. We've got a game to play. &gt;&gt; a bit needy, Paul. That's enough from you. &gt;&gt; Right, settle, Paul. Here we go. That's what we're up against. I mean, Well, they're 4-3-3. Yeah, similar shape to us, to be fair. We've just got a a 10 in Lucas. But last game for me, obviously, Somerville scored. Diouf was impactful. Wan-Bissaka was superb. &gt;&gt; We want to get into this top half of the table. Yeah, we can as well. A win today would do that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just right. Let's do it. That standard of ball second. Here we go. Straight in the mix. We've got a hot Surely not. I thought we had a shot right away. I fancy us. After what I saw second half last time, I really felt Look at the possession. &gt;&gt; still in that way? We've actually gone cautious, but we've got 80% of the ball. We're only four minutes in, so that's going to come down, but &gt;&gt; Three corners in five minutes. Something's Something's working. Need to get this off them. I think we're going to nick it. They're quite high here. High line. They've got Bogel playing. Nick it. Oh. Get him. Playing DM here. Yeah, he is. Do you think that's one of the inverted full-backs? Yeah, I reckon so. Oh. We don't start games well, do we? &gt;&gt; need that. Seriously. Leeds. I need to see this again. Marking man. I mean, Navas has a few questions to ask you there. So, I'm going to look at the video later. Uh is that a deflection? He's got a free shot there when he's eight yards out. We've got some work to do. It's all right. This is a long time to go. Six minutes. Kick off. Go on, straight from From kick off, let's do it. Diouf. Somerville playing against his old club. Of course. A bit of spice. Go on, he's going to &gt;&gt; Penalty. Surely. &gt;&gt; I need one of them. I need I need a VAR or something like that, I think. Right, let's just settle. Let's just calm down. Let's re-compose ourselves. We may have to abandon the cautious mentality once again. And away from home is always difficult. I think we see, but if it goes 2-0, that's trouble. Outside the boot effort there. We started very well. Let's not forget the corners. Do you remember the corners? Simple as that, mate. We're eight minutes in. Let's just not panic. Not again, surely. Come on now. Well out. Let's go. Oh, I need to hold the water. I'm sorry. Should we Should we make you as a as a hold-up forward? Something's not right. &gt;&gt; pick up onto myself, I think. Here we go. That's a Don't mind it. Oh my god, I've got to score. Jared. It's what he does. On the right foot. See, I needed it in the channel. That was liquid football. Diouf, that's what we asked of you. Look at the vision from this man. And that That was the weaker foot, wasn't it? Yeah. Look at this. Playing up front, they said. &gt;&gt; Control with the right. Finish with the right. It's a great finish. Perry had no chance. No chance. &gt;&gt; We're off the mark. That is football. What game? &gt;&gt; to say that's magnificent. You do. I mean, that They said it for us. We We what we're seeing here in real time is managerial instincts being rewarded. We put you up front, and you score one and one. I think you stick with it as well. 1-0 down. Let the game Let the lads get their feet into the game. Yeah, I mean Reaction. Goal. 1-1. Those early stats have dropped off though. We actually undermined We're not winning the the possession battle, but you don't when you play cautious counter-attacking football. &gt;&gt; think you're going to give up something and possession is what we're giving up. That's fine. Here we go. This is what we want you in there. Just that little work, you know, that being a pest, getting the ball back. Here we go. Get it out wide. Get it out wide. &gt;&gt; that. Set back. I think we're going to Go ahead. Look at Wan-Bissaka by the way. I don't mind him shooting. Oh. Doesn't Don't see him score like that very often in his life. It's probably one thing you could say you could add as a wing-back. &gt;&gt; he score against uh Arsenal at home, Newcastle away, didn't he? Got a couple last year, I remember. I mean, he's been great for us today. Both two games. Obviously, he's known for his defensive prowess, his 1-on-1 defending, but he's getting forward really well for us. This game is is is poised for a slobberknocker. We just need to get I think we just need to hang in there when we need to. I don't know what he's just done. That Daniel James just mugged off the youth, let's be honest. Yeah, I think away from home, away from home, lads, we need to hang in there for a little bit. That reminded me a bit of Gareth Bale against Maicon. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Kicking on the outside. Yeah. That was bad. Cuz he's not slow, I'm not being funny. He's not slow. &gt;&gt; No, he's pretty fast. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I wonder what they've got him for pace in this. They're good. All right, let's get it back to Key. Surely not. Thomas. Lucas. I am on first name terms with him. Oh. Take the ball now. Do you guys usually do first name terms at um training ground? You got nicknames and stuff, haven't you? What does everyone call you? Jared. Jaz. Jaz. Yeah. Okay. J A Z, yeah. I think that's certainly means playing pretty well. Yeah. Did he They got the goal and the assist, so now look. Yeah, that's true, actually. That's a very good point. And same for our boys. Yeah. In the greens. And for me, if you're getting seven or above, I'm happy. If you've got someone who's a seven every week, you're happy. Go on. This is us whipping it in, right? We are We are having our chances. Would we take a draw away from home? Leeds is a difficult place to go. I think we would right now, yeah. Here we go. Four points in two games. I think you'd take four points in two games. Here we go. Box him in. We scored late in the first half last &gt;&gt; Yeah, we did. But this is not looking good for us. We've been caught napping. Ooh. Wow. The lower that goal was open then, if he could have found it on target. Okay. Can we get the ball back, lads? We need to get to half-time. &gt;&gt; All our players are in our half. That is how we scored the first goal though, wasn't Yeah, counter. Like I said, I think we're going to give up a few things. Do you think we should think about If we get Certainly if we went in the lead, should we think about getting Niklas on as a striker, moving you to the right? It could work. Cuz we That's the same goal, nearly the same. Yeah. Coping quality. But we've not seen a lot of um Luis on the right No. Maybe he's better off the bench for them. For the minute. Yeah. Let's get in at the break. Yeah, it's a little thing. Get to half-time, see where we're at. Get to 60, see where we're at. Obviously, at home we were great and we went less cautious, but away I'm a little bit nervy about that. If we score now, it'd be fantastic. Come on. Okay. I'm happy with the half. You know, I think we could have had a bit more of the ball, but let's not get carried away here. Should we have a little bit of &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think we have a little bit of a dig. And that's gone down very well. Yeah. No one negatively reacting to that. Yeah, I think they know. That's what you want to hear. There we go. I'm just thinking, do we get What's he What's he playing out on the right? 6.6. Much more specific with the stats though. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um I'm wondering if we just You're obviously doing well. You scored that goal, but can we fit you in there and stick &gt;&gt; I don't mind if you want to do that. Give him a bit longer? Can do it now. I'm happy to do it now. &gt;&gt; Let's do it. Cuz he's not that fit anyway. Make you an inside forward. Right. We happy with that? You You don't Wilson. You change it on the where the arrow is. Do you want him center forward or target forward? So he off the ball cuz he's not going to do that. So weird. It would literally be a second ago. &gt;&gt; Go off? What does that do? Let me drop. &gt;&gt; Oh, here. Ah, this is why they painted the pitch. Yeah, it's vision. Right. Center forward's fine there. That's what we're going to do now. Here. Target forward. Should we give it a go? Cuz he can hold it up a bit. Fine. Yeah, we need someone to take the pressure off a little bit and win the ball back. Yeah, I think Nice, mate. He's having a tough time down there, man. I mean, he's got a great assist, but We He's been dribble passed a few times. Now he's just Is he got booked? We have got him set as a wing-back. I mean he's been very important for us going forward in both games. But yeah, defensively, questions will be asked. We could If I walk If we can get a lead, do it now. We'll stick Walker-Peters on. Go on, Jared. What is that pass? Yeah. Know your players. Yeah, he's trying to get in behind. Here we go. Here we go. Summerville. Paqueta. Cross it to Paqueta now. Go on. Yeah, Paqueta! He's got a brace! What a player! And we've moved him to the right as well. He can do it all. What a player! Should we just go to the left and try and get a hat-trick? Stick him on the He can play on the left. According to this. Let's see how I finish. Mate. Great ball in. Little lefty with It's actually not dissimilar to their first goal. No. We've done it against It's a great finish. Great time to score. Right after the break. Yeah, right after the the break. Managing's easy. Oh, no. That's all right. I hope these words don't come back to bite me. I have got a habit of doing Oh, he's not He's not going to card him, is he? No, nothing silly, ref. Don't you Okay. To be fair, I thought he was a bit high then, but Oh, well. Never mind. He's fired up against his old team. Yeah, exactly. That's true, actually. It's a pretty fair today, isn't it? Who have you got on the bench we could bring on? We haven't got a lot of wide options in there. Yeah, no, I don't know, yeah. Paqueta. No, Paqueta just got the assist, so he'll be playing back now. &gt;&gt; put him out to the wide and stick someone in the 10. We could put Fernandes or even Ward-Prowse What is this highlight? Is this It's promising. Ooh, he's come back. Oh, Oliver. Oh, he's down. I will take the free kick. Is he okay? That's it for Scamacca. Oh, he's not good. Potts. Shoulder. Look to He's not Well, we get We're getting him off. He said that's it for Potts. I'm not I'm not going to stay on the lad. He's a youngster. Got to protect him. We either go Potts or we go Ward-Prowse. Who's got the more Ward-Prowse has got more match sharpness, I think, looks of it there. Potts did well last game. Yeah, I think Potts. I think Potts is in. Potts is going. He's delighted as well. Delighted of the opportunity. Let's just do that. Summerville is playing a 6.4. Should we get him off for We could do Ward-Prowse in the 10. Or we could do Fernandes in the 10. I think Fernandes cuz I think Fernandes is more of a goal threat. We'll do that. Swap them. And then you can do it on the Oh, he's Playmaker. Winner. Winner. And then he So Ward-Prowse. Fernandes. Or Fernandes, sorry. Should we give him that? If I was playing him, free role. No, no. You don't want free role. You need a little bit of I feel like I In my head, are we already winning? I thought we were drawing for now. No. All right, we've got some fresh legs on. 30 minutes to go. Another goal would be nice, wouldn't it? It'd be lovely. For us. I don't know. Don't mind them having the ball. Let them have the ball. We're going to nick it. When it matters, that's what we're going to get it. We're going to get it. We're going to get it here. Wait for it. You only you think it's a highlight for you, but Okay. I'm not going to worry about that. Oh, what a save. He's had a couple of them, hasn't he, Bogle? Yeah. Outside the boot. Done that right. They've got in a couple of times, haven't they? We could We still We still need Diop as a wing-back though. We've got Paqueta on. Coming on, yeah. It's all right. Just settle down. Look at him. Look at the ball-carrying skills of this young man. &gt;&gt; the fresh I don't mind that. Don't mind it. Fresh legs coming on, I don't mind it. Take the pressure off a little bit. Uh-oh. Is it Okay. Give it We'll just give it straight back to him. Tell me it depends at the minute. I mean We are deep deep in our own territory. Oh, it's all right cuz Fulham are winning. We've put him on to hold the ball up. If they score now Lads. Still a little bit rushed at the minute. There's a real lack of composure on the pitch for the Hammers. Nice. Yeah, this is This is it. That's it. Play it out. Just simple passes. Nothing silly. I think we're going to score. Oh, referee, that's cynical. Yellow. He's got Scott's got Scott be yellow. Right. Surely You're not going to strike. Yes. Why not? If it was the furthest free kick you scored in your career. I don't know if I I've scored one free kick, I think. West Ham City against Stoke. It's a good free kick, actually. What we on? 70 minutes? 70 minutes. They're getting a lot of them. We We need to think about We could take the 10 off and go get Diop and be really defensive. We could. Or we try and take the game to them a little bit. Which don't think will end well. But it is just them non-stop right now. A little bit, yeah. I don't mind him shooting. He's a player I'd often buy in in FM saves. Nonce. Yeah. Rapid. Here we are getting absolutely This is smash and grab at the minute. We're into the 75th though. Doing okay. Soucek, 6.6. He's absolutely flying. He's way to a man of the match. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, he's got to have two goals, hasn't he? You'd like to think so, wouldn't you? Isn't it Must feel nice coming in here, playing a bit of FM, and your player just happens to be very good. Yeah, well, the first start I got I gave away a penalty and missed a one-on-one. I thought, "Oh god." That was just for the drama. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's all part and parcel of it. That was my plan. All right, so we go defensive, I think. 83rd minute. I mean, we're keeping them quiet. Yeah, I don't mind defensive. XG, really the score should be It should be 2-1 to them. &gt;&gt; Possession. Let's go defensive. We're at 4 minutes away from two wins from two. 91st minute. It's all over. &gt;&gt; There's 7 minutes added on. You're joking me. &gt;&gt; No. No. I wish I was. They can't do it to us like this. Come on, that's not fair. They're going to do it. If they score, we're just going all out to try and win &gt;&gt; I mean, 2-1 with a man down. No! &gt;&gt; Offside. Yeah. The flag's not up. Jack Harrison of all people. Do we try and just win or I mean, we haven't The problem is it's a big change in mentality, isn't it? We haven't really been doing anything. &gt;&gt; Possession. Who is it? There's a man down. They're not even They're not even using all 11 men. It's Nzonzi to Harrison. &gt;&gt; Two crosses. I mean, he's coming from that It's coming from that left side again. I called it earlier on, didn't I? Diop, we might have to have some words, pal. I think we've lost the win here, but on the balance of the game &gt;&gt; Well, I'll take a point. They If they nick it now, this is it. This is the whistle. Shut up. No way. I'm not having it. &gt;&gt; I needed him to not lose the ball there. Oh my god, it's gone right across. Blow the whistle. Blow the whistle. Crikey. Imagine if we score now. He just tried to What is he doing? &gt;&gt; to do that. &gt;&gt; tried to do that straight from his own I don't even know what that's called, but &gt;&gt; I've never seen Tom do that since I've been in my life. Right. &gt;&gt; to see Big Soucek doing that. Unfortunately, &gt;&gt; look at the stats, you've got to take a point. Yeah, yeah, we bottled it a bit, but end of the day, we How we were 2-1 up, I don't know. We take that. It's one beaten. I got a brace. Yeah. &gt;&gt; the positives. Beautiful. Beautiful work from from Mr. Jared Bowen himself. And I think we'll just sympathize with them, shall we? &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's not be too hard. &gt;&gt; Well, actually, maybe that one, actually. It's always good to get a result when you're not playing as well as Yeah. They're very happy with that. Our players love us. Got a good relationship. &gt;&gt; Well, Jared, thank you very much for that. You were certainly involved in the action. Um what is your first thoughts on FM 26? Very, very good. Match engine's very, very good. Something that we've never seen before, but one that's definitely worth the wait. There's a lot going on away from the game, but I think when you spend a bit of time in it, we was looking at the different roles and the different You were showing me the in possession, out of possession, so a lot to a lot to do, but that level of detail that's really, really good. So, yeah, really really excited to play it and enjoyed those two games that we've just had. I'm beaten. I'm beaten. I'm beaten in two. It's what we do. Jared Bowen has done a runner. Just when it's getting tough, you know, he stayed for the, shall we say, easier games. Now we've got Newcastle. That's a different kettle of fish, but this is where Sven Dog gets going. Before we play that game, let's have a little bit of a look around. So, I'm on the squad screen here. You can see how in-depth it is. There's so many different things to look at. There's a youth set up page to look at as well. West Ham known for their youth options, of course. Mason Terry, goalkeeper my team has to United have come up against many times. I'm not going to involve too many of them in the next game. We need to get a win here and climb up the table. Recruitment. Huge part of the game, as we know. So, within the recruitment portal, if you like, transfer room out and transfer room in. Very interesting additions, right? So, this is where you can see what other clubs are looking for. Other clubs might be looking for a left back, center back. You I've got one here for you, you know. Likewise, you can advertise for what you need, and they might make you an offer. Say if you're targeting a specific player, the offers could come to you. This is proper business. So, right now we can see, like, for example, Liverpool want an attacking That's Mo Salah's position. They don't want Salah anymore. Well, they need one of the squad players. Okay, fine. You can see actually a little bit of an insight into what other teams have got planned and where they might want players, particularly your rivals, which is quite interesting. For transfers and for loans. And then likewise, this is where I could say my requirements. I might be looking for a center midfielder, for example. So, nice addition, that. What else can we have a look at? Okay, so we can search for players, obviously. We can have a look at the squad planner. You start to plan not only your current season, but future seasons as well. Next season, season after, et cetera. So, let's have a think about the approach for this next game. Who's available? Who's struggling? We liked it a bit more with Bowen up front. I think we had more success with Bowen up front. Um I'm looking at ratings here. Who's had a good season? Alvarez, five assists out on loan. Should we bring him back? Should we bring him back, guys? Bowen, four goals leading the line so far for us. Fornals has got two, though. Callum Wilson's got one as well. Don't hate this team. Rodríguez rocking a 6.6. Where's Soucek? 6.63. Potts actually doing pretty well with the 6.8 on average. He hasn't started a game in the league yet, Diop, his fitness is in the bin. He's not going to be able to feature today, unfortunately. But we've got Ogbonna as a left back, that works for me. I think that's probably the side. My only question would be, do I go Areola in goal instead? He's a bit fitter. Let's have a look at their performances so far this season. 12 goals conceded in seven starts. Let's concentrate on the league, actually. Eight in six. Okay, for Areola. How much has Fabiański even played? Not much. Five in three. It's a big decision, this. But I don't like his match fitness. So, we're going to stay with Areola for now. He saved a penalty for us earlier in the stream, let's not forget. Okay. Let's continue. I'm not sure about Ward-Prowse's rating there, 6.4, but free kick takers could be crucial. I know one thing I do want to show you guys, which is pretty special, which is if I search this, check this out. If I type in World Cup, it will show both trophies, the women's and the men's World Cup, cuz women's and men's are kind of amalgamated in the in the same search bar. Next one, of course, USA, Canada, Mexico coming up at the end of this game season. Going back to the recruitment page again, if you look on the contract section, we've got a new color-coordinated key, if you like, that will tell you exactly how long is left on each contract. Obviously, if it's green, you're looking good, you've got a couple years on it. And it gets closer to red, you you might have to do some deals. You might have to do some business. We've got quite a few boys here at West Ham that are going to run out at the end of the season. I need to do some negotiating. I need to do it quick. Łukasz Fabiański, he was released. Maybe they thought he's going to retire. Maybe he thought about retiring. Then he came back. He ain't leaving. 24 and 1/2 mil available here, lads. I I could have done some business. Just wait for January. Recommendations. Who are they recommending to me? I If you're lazy like me, you'll you'll sort like this straight away. See who the scouts like. But I'm looking for youth players. I want high potential youngsters. I mean, you could do a lot worse than just copying Brighton's transfer policy, after all. This guy's got serious potential, but he's 27. He's basically in a retirement home. So, I've shown you the recruitment screen. Let's take a look at match day, which has all these features. Tells us a little bit about, obviously, the Premier League in general, our opponent we're going up against, in Newcastle. Lots of different screens here. And as we learned with Miles, we can break them down even more so by clicking on these various boxes, like the league table, which will come as a sort of pop out here. And then we've got club, which is all about the club that you are managing. It's a really easy way to see anything from performance feedback to finances, facilities, transfer history, et cetera. Loads of more things to look at here as well. Career is all about you as the manager, of course. I'll hide that tutorial, but as Miles said, I would recommend taking your time to learn about each screen. You can see managerial vacancies here, just in case you could be swayed to look elsewhere. And within the squad screen itself, there's so much to look at. From first team to under 21s, to under 18s. This is all important stuff, especially if you're a youth-orientated manager like myself. See your active promises down here, in case you've got anyone that's about to kick off. Squad feedback. I think it's time to play a game. If I can get a decent result against Newcastle here and be undefeated in my little three-game spell here, I'll be very, very happy. Right, side-wise, there's a few lads that could be in better form. Sure, sure, sure, but we need Cornet on the bench. He made a difference when he came on. I'm actually going to change this to direct counter attack. And I'm going to make him target forward. Bosch. It's going to make all the difference. Little change, it's going to make all the difference. Right, let's play. Come on, West Ham. Undefeated, three games in. I'll be very happy. Would I take a draw? We are at home. We are playing quite negative. We're up against Champions League team here. They're fairly fairly full strength as well. No Elanga. West Ham in the ascendancy. Deep in Newcastle territory. It's what we like to see. We're all over them, lads. I might have to change my approach here. 70% of the ball, lads. Right corner. Jared, where is he when you need him? Jared. Outswinger. Fornals goes back. In the mix. Aguerd in the side today. Look at him go. Oh! You'd never think he was a center back. Okay, we're we're absolutely all over them, so we're going to have to come off cautious. You know, sometimes you want to come off it, but it is working. Why change it if it's working? I I often find you go balanced and you start conceding. It'd be great to get into that top half of the table with a result here. Don't like what I'm seeing here. I'm going to change back. Here we go. Wan-Bissaka. Somerville. Been good for us. Can we get it back in the mixer again here? Oh my word. It's off the crossbar. What a player. Let's go again. Newcastle are on the ropes. Egor. Okay, it's fairly dominant, but if you don't score in these periods, it often comes back to bite you. Newcastle have got lots of very capable players here. And look at that. This is the example of what they can do. Todibo. A player that people on FM have known for a long time. Obviously, I was very happy to see him come to West Ham. Well, hang on, I'm going to score here. Somerville. He gets in so often. It just hasn't got the conversion we're looking for. But yeah, I'd love for Todibo to start showing the potential he has on FM for years because if he does, we've got a great center back on our hands. Bowen. Using Füllkrug as that target man now. We're playing direct, still counter-attacking, but direct counter-attacking. We know what we are. We're going back to Moyesball. Todibo, look at him go. Don't lose it This is what I'm talking about. Oh, Rodriguez with a What has to be said is a great foul. Let's just get into halftime. I'm dominating the game. It's nil-nil and I'm like, let's just get into halftime. I'm so scared of conceding. But here we go. Bowen. Look at him. Jinky McJinky. Gives it to Wan-Bissaka. Crosses it in for Füllkrug. Ay ay ay. All right, who's playing well here? It's pretty much all around the 6.6, 6.7 mark. Egor, you are on the chopping block a little bit, I won't lie. We have options for you if I need to mix it up. All right, I'm not liking how much of the ball they've had in the last few periods, but we're back on it. Rodriguez. Wan-Bissaka. He's such a big part of our attacking play these three games. Wan-Bissaka. Souček. Come on. Here we go. Here he is again. Right on cue. Wan-Bissaka. Bowen. Crosses it in. Get it in the back of the net. Here we go. Souček. It's It's all West Ham. Crowd will be loving this. Right, we're late in the first half. We've got a highlight highlight. This bodes well. Paquetá. Rodriguez. Is this going to be a goal? Bowen. Is he onside? He is. Come on. Somerville, aka Summertown. Uh Jared Bowen with Come on now. If they If they just booked me off. Goal awarded. Thank god. Jared Bowen instrumental in that goal once again, by the way. Look at that. He's beating the crap. He's been getting in consecutively. This man has to start every game. Somerville, let's go. Come on. Newcastle, schmewcastle. All right, we're one nil up. We're dominating. The XG is through the roof. Everyone is loving life in Stratford right now. If it ain't broke, don't fix it. I'm very pleased. Crack on. Wan-Bissaka, look at that. He's putting his foot on the ball to say, "Come and get it off me." I'm really looking forward to getting home when the game's out and playing a journeyman. Starting off No, not only right when I last did a really good journeyman, not only did I start unattached, I actually started with less badges than I have in real life even. I didn't even give myself the UEFA C that I actually proudly hold. So, um I'll do that again in this game. And a true journeyman save is not finished until you're the number one manager of all time on the Hall of Fame ranking. Everyone knows that. Right, not too many highlights in this second half. That's how I like it. One nil up. We're going to keep cautious in our approach, but look at their XG. Honestly, it's embarrassing. Okay, let's make some changes. Souček is struggling a little bit. Let's get him off and let's Shaq Ward-Prowse in the mix. And then we're going to do Egor for Mavropanos cuz I've not been too happy with Egor. Ward-Prowse happy as a DM. Yeah, I think that will do. Oh, I Actually, I'll tell you what we'll do. We'll change him to that. We'll change him to that. And then he could be a posh and he can be a [Music] One of them. Okay, let's go. I think Füllkrug's got to come off. Let's try Bowen up top. We'll change him to a complete forward, though. Channel forward. Yeah, he worked last quite nicely as a channel forward before. Füllkrug off for Guilherme. Let's give that a go. See it through, boys. Get me these points. All right, hang on. Could we Could we go two? Dare I say two? Anyone for a two? Rodriguez. Ward-Prowse beats his man. Paquetá. Guilherme. Substitute linking up. Don't lose it. Walker-Peters wants to use his right foot. No, don't lose it there, you swine. Veltman. Is that 8 ft tall? And he's hit the post, which is also 8 ft tall. If you're wondering, it's 24 by 8. Bowen. Paquetá. Walker-Peters. Go and nick it. Finish the job. Do we go defensive, lads? Botman. Shaq. Minutes left. The big man is such Look how tall he is. Such a threat. We're taking our big threat off. Okay. Guilherme is struggling to meet the pace of the game. I hate to see it. Let's get Fernandes on for Paquetá. Anyone else we need to look at? Uh not the youth. Not Not with defensive. We could do Potts for Rodriguez just to try and see it through here. That's what we're going to do. Come on. Got the fresh legs on. Don't let me down. Let's not forget we bottled it against Leeds. 94th minute equalizer. We don't want to get a reputation. Todibo. What a ball that is for Guilherme. He's past his man. And in the That's just not adequate. Rodriguez, I'm about to sub you off, mate, so last contribution could be good. Somerville. What a player we've got on our hands, boys. Honestly, Somerville. It's October, but I'll tell you what, it feels like summer because this guy knows how to score. Look at the little one, two, three. The Rodriguez to Paquetá to Somerville in a very similar position to where he scored the first goal, but this time he goes to the other side, past Ramsdale. Football. That is liquid football. What a player. Yes, I'll make the tactical changes. And now it's done, isn't it? They're not coming back, lads. They are not coming back. Get out of it, Newcastle. Let's it go. Go. Corners. Wan-Bissaka to Ward-Prowse. Not another one, surely. Ay ay ay. Honestly, we We're not bad at this game, lads. I've been telling you guys. I've been telling you for a while. Blow it. There's no coming back. We've got the clean sheet. I want the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] There it is. Somerville with both of them. That is beautiful. Lovely job. I'm so proud of them. Well done, boys. If that hasn't given you a taste of what's to come with FM26, I don't know what will. I cannot wait to get my teeth into a West Ham save, a journeyman save. I'm going to do the lot. Okay, that just about wraps up our first look at Football Manager 26. It has been fantastic to get hands-on with the new game. The new UI is game-changing and in and out of possession will really elevate control and personalization over the way you approach both match day and squad building. And of course, match day itself. The new Unity engine takes authenticity to new heights with improvements across the board. Through the new visuals, the animations, and of course, the Premier League license, every goal, touch, and tactical tweak feel more rewarding than ever. Huge thanks to Miles Jacobson for walking us through all the changes and giving us a little peek behind the curtain. And of course, to Jared Bowen, my much-needed assistant manager. Top work. Now, as a reminder, the FM26 beta will be live this Thursday, meaning you can start your save ahead of full release. To get access to the beta, pre-purchase FM26 now on Steam or Epic from a participating digital retailer for 10% off and advance access. Thank you so much for joining us. It's been a real pleasure taking you through this exclusive